# eec173a-project2
EEC 173A - Computer Networks Project 2

In Part 1, we implemented a DNS client to resolve the IP address for tmz.com from scratch using socket API. We were not allowed to use any libraries/methods that simplify DNS implementation such as gethostbyname, getaddrinfo, etc. We built the DNS request payload from scrath and then sent the DNS request to a public DNS resolver. Then, when we receive a responde from the resolver, we unpacked it. Upon unpacking the response, we extracted the DNS records and identified the type of DNS record and IP address from each DNS record. Once we got the IP address of tmz.com, we made an HTTP request to the IP address using socket API. We added metrics to measure the RTT between our machine and the public DNS resolver and additionaly measured the RTT between our machine and the tmz.com server when we made the HTTP request to its IP.

In Part 2, we automatically visited 1,000 different websites and analyzed the HTTP traffic while visiting each site. The crawling_process script automatically crawled the home page of the top 1,000 websites from the top-1m.csv file using Selenium. While visiting each site, it collected corresponding HTTP traffic in HAR files. We used briwsermobproxy to download HAR files. After collecting the HAR files from the top 1,000 websites, the HAR_Analysis script analyzed the files and reports the number of requests made to third-party domains when visiting each site, and identified the third-party cookies present while visiting each site. 
